"If you ever catch on fire, try to avoid seeing yourself in the mirror, because I bet that's what REALLY throws you into a panic." - Jack Handy
"Maybe in order to understand mankind we have to look at that word itself. MANKIND. Basically, it's made up of two separate words mank and ind. What do these words mean? It's a mystery and that's why so is mankind." - Jack Handy
"I think the mistake a lot of us make is thinking the state-appointed shrink is our friend" - Jack Handy
"I can picture in my mind a world without war, a world without hate. And I can picture us attacking that world, because they'd never expect it." - Jack Handy
"If you ever drop your keys into a river of molten lava, let'em go, because, man, they're gone." - Jack Handy
"I hope that after I die, people will say of me: "That guy sure owed me a lot of money."" - Jack Handy
"One thing vampire children have to be taught early on is, don't run with wooden stakes." - Jack Handy
"I'd like to see a nude opera, because when they hit those high notes, I bet you can really see it in those genitals" - Jack Handy
"Why do people in ship mutinies always ask for "better treatment"? I'd ask for a pinball machine, because with all that rocking back and forth you'd probably be able to get a lot of free games." - Jack Handy
"A good way to threaten somebody is to light a stick of dynamite. Then you call the guy and hold the burning fuse up to the phone. "Hear that?" you say. "That's dynamite, baby."" - Jack Handy
"Whenever you read a good book, it's like the author is right there, in the room talking to you, which is why I don't like to read good books." - Jack Handy
"It's easy to sit there and say you'd like to have more money. And I guess that's what I like about it. It's easy. Just sitting there, rocking back and forth, wanting that money." - Jack Handy
"If there was a terrible storm outside, but somehow this dog lived through the storm, and he showed up at your door when the storm was finally over, I think a good name for him would be Carl." - Jack Handy
"I bet a fun thing would be to go way back in time to where there was going to be an eclipse and tell the cave men, "If I have come to destroy you, may the sun be blotted out from the sky." Just then the eclipse would start, and they'd probably try to kill you or something, but then you could explain about the rotation of the moon and all, and everyone would get a good laugh." - Jack Handy
"To me, it's a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, Hey, can you give me a hand? You can say, Sorry, got these sacks. - Deep Thoughts (Saturday Night Live)" - Jack Handy
"As the light changed from red to green to yellow and back to red again, I sat there thinking about life. Was it nothing more than a bunch of honking and yelling? Sometimes it seemed that way." - Jack Handy
"It takes a big man to cry, but it takes a bigger man to laugh at that man." - Jack Handy
"Instead of building newer and larger weapons of mass destruction, I think mankind should try to get more use out of the ones we have" - Jack Handy
"I think college administrators should encourage students to urinate on walls and bushes, because then when students from another college come sniffing around, they'll know this is someone else's territory." - Jack Handy
"If trees could scream, would we be so cavalier about cutting them down? We might, if they screamed all the time, for no good reason." - Jack Handy
"One thing a computer can do that most humans can't is be sealed up in a cardboard box and sit in a warehouse" - Jack Handy
"I think the monkeys at the zoo should have to wear sunglasses so they can't hypnotize you." - Jack Handy
"If your friend is already dead, and being eaten by vultures, I think it's okay to feed some bits of your friend to one of the vultures, to teach him to do some tricks. But only if you're serious about adopting the vulture." - Jack Handy
"I think a good product would be Baby Duck Hat. It's a fake baby duck, which you strap on top of your head. Then you go swimming underwater until you find a mommy duck and her babies, and you join them. Then all of the sudden, you stand up out of the water and roar like Godzilla. Man those ducks really take off! Also Baby Duck Hat is good for parties." - Jack Handy
"If I had a mine shaft, I don't think I would just abandon it. There's got to be a better way." - Jack Handy
"For mad scientists who keep brains in jars, here's a tip: why not add a slice of lemon to each jar, for freshness?" - Jack Handy
"When we were growing up, old man jenkins would never fail to come out every morning to nail tadpoles to a wheel, spin it around and around, like a wheel of fortune, and then say, "Tadpoles! Tadpoles is the winner!" We all thought he was crazy, but then, we had some growing up to do." - Jack Handy
"How come the dove gets to be the peace symbol? How about the pillow? It has more feathers than the dove, and it doesn't have that dangerous beak" - Jack Handy
"I hope life isn't a big joke, because I don't get it." - Jack Handy
"To me, boxing is like a ballet, except there's no music, no choreography, and the dancers hit each other" - Jack Handy
"Broken promises don't upset me. I just think, why did they believe me?" - Jack Handy
"Sometimes I think I'd be better off dead. No, wait, not me, you." - Jack Handy
"When I found the skull in the woods, the first thing I did was call the police. But then I got curious about it. I picked it up, and started wondering who this person was, and why he had deer horns." - Jack Handy
"I bet the main reason the police keep people away from a plane crash is they don't want anybody walking in and lying down in the crash stuff, then, when somebody comes up, act like they just woke up and go, "What was THAT?!"" - Jack Handy
"I think one way the cops could make money would be to hold a murder weapons sale. Many people could really use used ice picks." - Jack Handy
"I bet one legend that keeps recurring throughout history, in every culture, is the story of Popeye." - Jack Handy
"If you're a cowboy and you're dragging a guy behind your horse, I bet it would really make you mad if you looked back and the guy was reading a magazine." - Jack Handy
"Any man, in the right situation, is capable of murder. But not any man is capable of being a good camper. So, murder and camping are not as similar as you might think." - Jack Handy
"If you go to a costume party at your boss's house, wouldn't you think a good costume would be to dress up like the boss's wife? Trust me, it's not." - Jack Handy
"I wish I had a kryptonite cross, because then you could keep both Dracula and Superman away" - Jack Handy
"If you lose your job, your marriage and your mind all in one week, try to lose your mind first, because then the other stuff won't matter that much" - Jack Handy
"I wish a robot would get elected president. That way, when he came to town, we could all take a shot at him and not feel too bad." - Jack Handy
"What is it about a beautiful sunny afternoon, with the birds singing and the wind rustling through the leaves, that makes you want to get drunk?" - Jack Handy
"I wouldn't be surprised if someday some fishermen caught a big shark and cut it open, and there inside was a whole person. Then they cut the person open, and in him is a little baby shark. And in the baby shark there isn't a person, because it would be too small. But there's a little doll or something, like a Johnny Combat little toy guy - something like that." - Jack Handy
"If you're robbing a bank and you're pants fall down, I think it's okay to laugh and to let the hostages laugh too, because, come on, life is funny." - Jack Handy
"If Alien was my friend, I'd like to be with him when he went to the dentist. When they started drilling, he'd probably go nuts and start eating everybody. That Alien!" - Jack Handy
"When I was a kid my favorite relative was Uncle Caveman. After school we'd all go play in his cave, and every once in a while he would eat one of us. It wasn't until later that I found out that Uncle Caveman was a bear." - Jack Handy
"Probably the earliest fly swatters were nothing more than some sort of striking surface attached to the end of a long stick. - Deep Thoughts (Saturday Night Live)" - Jack Handy
"If you're in a war, instead of throwing a hand grenade at the enemy, throw one of those small pumpkins. Maybe it'll make everyone think how stupid war is, and while they are thinking, you can throw a real grenade at them." - Jack Handy
"If I ever get real rich, I hope I'm not real mean to poor people, like now." - Jack Handy
"It's true that every time you hear a bell, an angel gets its wings. But what they don't tell you is that every time you hear a mouse trap snap, an angel gets set on fire." - Jack Handy
"There's nothing so tragic as seeing a family pulled apart by something as simple as a pack of wolves." - Jack Handy
"If you want to be the most popular person in your class, whenever the professor pauses in his lecture, just let out a big snort and say, 'How do you figger that!' real loud. Then lean back and sort of smirk." - Jack Handy
"If you ever fall off the Sears Tower, just go real limp, because maybe you'll look like a dummy and people will try to catch you because, hey, free dummy." - Jack Handy
"As a young boy, when you get splashed by a mud puddle on the way to school, you wonder if you should go home and change, but be late for school, or go to school the way you are; dirty and soaking wet. Well, while he tried to decide, I drove by and splashed him again." - Jack Handy
"Laurie got offended that I used the word "puke." But to me, that's what her dinner tasted like." - Jack Handy
"Better not take a dog on the space shuttle, because if he sticks his head out when you're coming home his face might burn up" - Jack Handy
"If you go flying back through time, and you see somebody else flying forward into the future, it's probably best to avoid eye contact" - Jack Handy
"Too bad Lassie didn't know how to ice skate, because then if she was in Holland on vacation in winter and someone said "Lassie, go skate for help," she could do it." - Jack Handy
"I don't like small birds. They hop around so merrily outside my window, looking so innocent. but I know that secretly, they're watching my every move and plotting to beat me over the head with a large steel pipe and take my shoe." - Jack Handy
"If you define cowardice as running away at the first sign of danger, screaming and tripping and begging for mercy, then yes, Mr. Brave man, I guess I'm a coward." - Jack Handy
"If you go parachuting, and your parachute doesn't open, and you friends are all watching you fall, I think a funny gag would be to pretend you were swimming." - Jack Handy
"Here's a good thing to do if you go to a party and you don't know anybody: First take out the garbage. Then go around and collect any extra garbage that people might have, like a crumpled napkin, and take that out too. Pretty soon people will want to meet the busy garbage guy." - Jack Handy
"A funny thing to do is, if you're out hiking and your friend gets bitten by a poisonous snake, tell him you're going to go for help, then go about ten feet and pretend that *you* got bit by a snake. Then start an argument with him about who's going to go get help. A lot of guys will start crying. That's why it makes you feel good when you tell them it was just a joke." - Jack Handy
"Marta was watching the football game with me when she said, ""You know, most of these sports are based on the idea of one group protecting its territory from invasion by another group."" ""Yeah,"" I said, trying not to laugh. Girls are funny." - Jack Handy
"If a kid asks where rain comes from, I think a cute thing to tell him is ""God is crying."" And if he asks why God is crying, another cute thing to tell him is ""Probably because of something you did.""" - Jack Handy
"Probably the saddest thing you'll ever see is a mosquito sucking on a mummy. Forget it, little friend." - Jack Handy
"Most of the time it was probably real bad being stuck down in a dungeon. But some days, when there was a bad storm outside, you'd look out your little window and think, ""Boy, I'm glad I'm not out in that.""" - Jack Handy
"I hope if dogs take over the world, and they choose a king, they don't just go by size, because I bet there are some Chihuahuas with some good ideas." - Jack Handy
"Sometimes I think you have to march right in and demand your rights,even if you don't know what your rights are, or who the person is you're talking to. Then on the way out, slam the door." - Jack Handy
"Sometimes when I feel like killing someone, I do a little trick to calm myself down. I'll go over to the persons house and ring the doorbell. When the person comes to the door, I'm gone, but you know what I've left on the porch? A jack-o-lantern with a knife stuck in the side of it's head with a note that says "You." After that I usually feel a lot better, and no harm done." - Jack Handy
"When you go in for a job interview, I think a good thing to ask is if they ever press charges." - Jack Handy
"I hope that someday we will be able to put away our fears and prejudices and just laugh at people." - Jack Handy
"Consider the daffodil. And while you're doing that, I'll be over here, looking through your stuff." - Jack Handy
"If you're a young Mafia gangster out on your first date, I bet it's real embarrassing if someone tries to kill you." - Jack Handy
"Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window."- Jack Handy
"Anytime I see something screech across a room and latch onto someone's neck, and the guy screams and tries to get it off, I have to laugh, because what is that thing." - Jack Handy
"Sometimes you have to be careful when selecting a new name for yourself. For instance, let's say you have chosen the nickname "Fly Head." Normally you would think that "fly Head" would mean a person who has beautiful swept-back features, as if flying through the air. But think again. Couldn't it also mean "having a head like a fly"? I'm afraid some people might actually think that." - Jack Handy
"As the evening sky faded from a salmon color to a sort of flint gray, I thought back to the salmon I caught that morning, and how gray he was, and how I named him Flint." - Jack Handy
"The tired and thirsty prospector threw himself down at the edge of the watering hole and started to drink. But then he looked around and saw skulls and bones everywhere. "Uh-oh," he thought. "This watering hole is reserved for skeletons."" - Jack Handy
"If you saw two guys named Hambone and Flippy, which one would you think liked dolphins most? I'd say Flippy, wouldn't you? You'd be wrong though. It's Hambone." - Jack Handy
"If you get invited to your first orgy, don't just show up nude. That's a common mistake. You have to let nudity "happen."" - Jack Handy
"I wish outer space guys would conquer the Earth and make people their pets, because I'd like to have one of those little beds with my name on it." - Jack Handy
"If you ever teach a yodeling class, probably the hardest thing is to keep the students from just trying to yodel right off. You see, we build to that." - Jack Handy
"The face of a child can say it all, especially the mouth part of the face" - Jack Handy
"Children need encouragement. If a kid gets an answer right, tell him it was a lucky guess. That way he develops a good, lucky feeling." - Jack Handy
"I'd like to see a nature film where an eagle swoops down and pulls a fish out of a lake, and then maybe he's flying along, low to the ground, and the fish pulls a worm out of the ground. Now that's a documentary." - Jack Handy
"I don't think I'm alone when I say I'd like to see more and more planets fall under the ruthless domination of our solar system." - Jack Handy
"Instead of studying for finals, what about just going to the Bahamas and catching some rays? Maybe you'll flunk, but you might have flunked anyway; that's my point." - Jack Handy
"If God dwells inside us like some people say, I sure hope He likes enchiladas, because that's what He's getting" - Jack Handy
"The difference between a man and a boy is, a boy wants to grow up to be a fireman, but a man wants to grow up to be a giant monster fireman." - Jack Handy
"The next time I have meat and mashed potatoes, I think I'll put a very large blob of potatoes on my plate with just a little piece of meat. And if someone asks me why I didn't get more meat, I'll just say, "Oh, you mean this?" and pull out a big piece of meat from inside the blob of potatoes, where I've hidden it. Good magic trick, huh?" - Jack Handy
"We tend to scoff at the beliefs of the ancients. But we can't scoff at them personally, to their faces, and this is what annoys me." - Jack Handy
"You know what would make a good story? Something about a clown who make people happy, but inside he's real sad. Also, he has severe diarrhea." - Jack Handy
"Whenever I see an old lady slip and fall on a wet sidewalk, my first instinct is to laugh. But then I think, what if I was an ant, and she fell on me. Then it wouldn't seem quite so funny." - Jack Handy
"I think there should be something in science called the "reindeer effect." I don't know what it would be, but I think it'd be good to hear someone say, "Gentlemen, what we have here is a terrifying example of the reindeer effect."" - Jack Handy
"If you ever crawl inside an old hollow log and go to sleep, and while you're in there some guys come and seal up both ends and then put it on a truck and take it to another city, boy, I don't know what to tell you." - Jack Handy
"I can't stand cheap people. It makes me real mad when someone says something like, "Hey, when are you going to pay me that $100 you owe me?" or "Do you have that $50 you borrowed?" Man, quit being so cheap!" - Jack Handy
"It's fascinating to think that all around us there's an invisible world we can't even see. I'm speaking, of course, of the World of the Invisible Scary Skeletons." - Jack Handy
"I hate it when people say somebody has a ""speech impediment"", even if he does, because it could hurt his feelings. So instead, I call it a ""speech improvement"", and I go up to the guy and say, ""Hey, Bob, I like your speech improvement."" I think this makes him feel better." - Jack Handy
"I bet it was pretty hard to pick up girls if you had the Black Death." - Jack Handy
"Contrary to what most people say, the most dangerous animal in the world is not the lion or the tiger or even the elephant. It's a shark riding on an elephant's back, just trampling and eating everything they see." - Jack Handy
"What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid gold baby? Maybe we'll never know" - Jack Handy
"I think a good gift for the President would be a chocolate revolver. and since he is so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him real quick and give it to him." - Jack Handy
"If they ever come up with a swashbuckling School, I think one of the courses should be Laughing, Then Jumping Off Something" - Jack Handy
"He was the kind of man who was not ashamed to show affection. I guess that's what I hated about him." - Jack Handy
"Just because swans mate for life, I don't think its that big a deal. First of all, if you're a swan, you're probably not going to find a swan that looks much better than the one you've got, so why not mate for life?" - Jack Handy
"I bet for an Indian, shooting an old fat pioneer woman in the back with an arrow, and she fires her shotgun into the ground as she falls over, is like the top thing you can do." - Jack Handy
"It's interesting to think that my ancestors used to live in the trees, like apes, until finally they got the nerve to head out onto the plains, where some were probably hit by cars" - Jack Handy
"Even though I was their captive, the Indians allowed me quite a bit of freedom. I could walk freely, make my own meals, and even hurl large rocks at their heads. It was only later that I discovered that they were not Indians at all but only dirty-clothes hampers." - Jack Handy
"When you're riding in a time machine way far into the future, don't stick your elbow out the window, or it'll turn into a fossil." - Jack Handy
"Ambition is like a frog sitting on a Venus Flytrap. The flytrap can bite and bite, but it won't bother the frog because it only has little tiny plant teeth. But some other stuff could happen and it could be like ambition." - Jack
"I guess more bad things have been done in the name of progress than any other. I myself have been guilty of this. When I was a teenager, I stole a car and drove it out into the desert and set it on fire. When the police showed up, I just shrugged and said, ""Hey, progress."" Boy, did I have a lot to learn." - Jack Handy
"If you think a weakness can be turned into a strength, I hate to tell you this, but that's another weakness" - Jack Handy
"If you ever have to steal money from your kid, and later on he discovers it's gone, I think a good thing to do is to blame it on Santa Claus" - Jack Handy
"If I ever opened a trampoline store, I don't think I'd call it Trampo-Land, because you might think it was a store for tramps, which is not the impression we are trying to convey with our store. On the other hand, we would not prohibit tramps from browsing, or testing the trampolines, unless a tramp's gyrations seemed to be getting out of control." - Jack Handy
"If you ever reach total enlightenment while drinking beer, I bet it makes beer shoot out your nose" - Jack Handy
"If you lived in the Dark Ages and you were a catapult operator, I bet the most common question people would ask is, ""Can't you make it shoot farther?"" ""No, I'm sorry. That's as far as it shoots.""" - Jack Handy
"Most people don't realize that large pieces of coral, which have been painted brown and attached to the skull by common wood screws, can make a child look like a deer." - Jack Handy
"I wish I would have a real tragic love affair and get so bummed out that I'd just quit my job and become a bum for a few years, because I was thinking about doing that anyway." - Jack Handy
"The crows seemed to be calling his name, thought Caw." - Jack Handy
"One thing kids like is to be tricked. For instance, I was going to take my little nephew to Disneyland, but instead I drove him to an old burned-out warehouse. ""Oh, no,"" I said. ""Disneyland burned down."" He cried and cried, but I think that deep down, he thought it was a pretty good joke. I started to drive over to the real Disneyland, but it was getting pretty late." - Jack Handy
"Marta says the interesting thing about fly-fishing is that it's two lives connected by a thin strand. Come on, Marta. Grow up." - Jack Handy
"I remember that one fateful day when Coach took me aside. I knew what was coming. ""You don't have to tell me,"" I said. ""I'm off the team, aren't I?"" ""Well,"" said Coach, ""you never were really ON the team. You made that uniform you're wearing out of rags and towels, and your helmet is a toy space helmet. You show up at practice and then either steal the ball and make us chase you to get it back, or you try to tackle people at inappropriate times."" It was all true what he was saying. And yet, I thought something is brewing inside the head of this Coach. He sees something in me, some kind of raw talent that he can mold. But that's when I felt the handcuffs go on." - Jack Handy
"During the Middle Ages, probably one of the biggest mistakes was not putting on your armor because you were ""just going down to the corner.""" - Jack Handy
"I remember how my great-uncle Jerry would sit on the porch and whittle all day long. Once he whittled me a toy boat out of a larger toy boat I had. It was almost as good as the first one, except now it had bumpy whittle marks all over it. And no paint, because he had whittled off the paint." - Jack Handy
"As we were driving, we saw a sign that said ""Watch for Rocks."" Marta said it should read ""Watch for Pretty Rocks."" I told her she should write in her suggestion to the highway department, but she started saying it was a joke - just to get out of writing a simple letter! And I thought I was lazy!" - Jack Handy
"I believe in making the world safe for our children, but not our children's children, because I don't think children should be having sex." - Jack Handy
"If life deals you lemons, why not go kill someone with the lemons (maybe by shoving them down his throat)." - Jack Handy
"When you die, if you get a choice between going to regular heaven or pie heaven, choose pie heaven. It might be a trick, but if it's not, mmmmmmmm, boy." - Jack Handy
